After the departure of Little Fairy Doctor,
Xiao Yan's dormant ambition was finally awoken.
Within a few days,
he was able to skillfully wield the purple flame
and had used the Flame Mantra
to swallow it,
successfully promoting to a One-star Dou Shi.
Teacher and disciple made plans to go to the Tager Desert
to try to find the Heavenly Flame hidden in its depths.
The only way to reach there
is by riding a Thick-Winged Bird.
And these creatures
can only be found in one place:
Black Rock City.
So this is Black Rock City?
After swallowing the purple flame,
the Flame Mantra only evolved by one level.
Within my expectations.
This Flame Mantra's evolution
requires Heavenly Flames with tremendous amounts of energy;
your purple flame doesn't meet the requirement to begin with.
Barely managing to evolve the Qi Method by one level
is already considered quite good.
Heavenly Flame.
However, before swallowing a Heavenly Flame,
you must prepare a few essential supporting items.
Firstly, head to Black Rock City's Alchemist Association to test for an Alchemist Tier.
This will greatly help you in searching for these items.
Go to the Alchemist Association?
Then... wouldn't it expose my identity as an alchemist?
Who told you to hide it?
That...
Come on, have a look, have a look
I'll take one
Excuse me, brother
Have a look, have a look
Sorry, sorry.
Could I ask,
which way is the Alchemist Association?
Alchemist Association?
What's he going there for? Seems like he's actually trying to go there
No way,
for what were they being so enthusiastic?
All I did was ask where the Alchemist Association is.
Little fellow,
they thought you were a real alchemist!
Dang...
As for the benefits of being an alchemist, there's no need to say more.
However, getting the Association to help you find things needed to swallow the Heavenly Flame
will make things a lot easier for you.
Rank 3 Monster Core should be the last ingredient to refine a Blood Lotus Pill, yea?
Clever boy. // idk just saying `Smart' or `Clever' seems weird. or change to `Exactly'/ `Indeed'?
But, in order to swallow the Heavenly Flame,
you will require three indispensable supporting items;
the Blood Lotus Pill is just one of these three.
Blood Lotus Pill is a must-have for approaching the Heavenly Flame.
Without the pill's protection,
even a Dou Huang practitioner
would not dare to touch it easily.
Ice Spirit Cold Fountain.
While the Blood Lotus Pill protects the body's exterior,
the Ice Spirit Cold Fountain
is able to shield the inside of your body.
When you are refining the Heavenly Flame,
it can prevent the destructive temperature from incinerating you to nothingness.
The last item is called Acceptance Spirit.
This thing can create a special space inside your body,
and this small space
can be used to store a Heavenly Flame.
What a hassle.
If we fail to gather these things
but we luckily encounter a Heavenly Flame,
then what?
Then we run away.
Without these three things,
you confronting the Heavenly Flame...
Certain death!
As for the Acceptance Spirit, don't worry.
Back then, when I was looking for Heavenly Flames,
I happened to prepare some extra.
Therefore, what you are now missing
are a Rank 3 Monster Core and the Ice Spirit Cold Fountain.
Alright.
I'll try my best to search.
Is this the Alchemist Association?
"Alchemist Association"
Little fellow,
are you trying to enter?
Do you have your teacher's recommendation letter?
Recommendation letter?
Teacher!
Teacher, come on!
Girl, what are you in a hurry for?
That old man Frank may not have even gotten out of bed yet!
Tier 4 Alchemist?
Move aside.
Is it fun blocking the way?
Miss Lin Fei is here today to take the Tier 1 Alchemist exam, yes?
Rest assured,
once I officially become an alchemist
I definitely won't treat you guys badly.
Lin Fei, let's go.
Don't embarrass the old me again today.
Relax, Teacher,
isn't it just refining a pill until it takes shape?
Do you think this would pose a challenge to your good disciple?
Grandmaster Otto, as expected of one of Black Rock City's top tier alchemists.
In just a short three years,
you've allowed Miss to become a true alchemist.
Teacher,
why are you acting so nice to that person?
This isn't your usual style.
I just feel like there's something different about that kid,
but I'm not sure what it is.
Maybe it's a hallucination.
Little brother,
have you found your teacher's recommendation letter?
Apologies, I don't have one.
Then who is your teacher?
Yao Lao.
Teacher,
Yao Lao?
Never heard of him.
Have you heard of him?
How about you?
No, no.
The world has a lot of imposters these days,
all trying to cheat others for food and drink.
Grandma Yao Lao?
Water! Water!
Someone help! Water!
Real agglomerated fire?
Tier 4 Alchemist!?
Sorry, I'm not actually a Tier 4 Alchemist.
Can I go in now?
Yes, of course.
Little fellow- uh, Sir, Sir,
please come in.
Frank, where's Xue Mei?
Why isn't she here yet?
It's almost time for the exam to start!
Relax. Naturally, she wants to be fully prepared.
There are ten minutes left,
if she still doesn't show up,
even if you are the Chairman,
we can't just arbitrarily extend the exam time.
Are you also here to take the Alchemist exam?
He's that young fellow I was telling you about earlier.
Two Grandmasters,
I am junior Xiao Yan.
Today, in addition to taking the Alchemist exam,
I'd like to inquire about something else.
Might the Association be able to help me find a couple of medicinal ingredients?
Little fellow, indeed there are no outsiders here.
However, to obtain access to the Association's resources,
we'll have to see if you can pass the exam first.
Teacher, apologies.
I've arrived late.
Xue Mei came!
She really is a beauty. True, true
Late on such an important day,
what a big ego.
Teacher.
You're finally here.
Otto, this old man, was already unable to wait any longer.
Grandmaster Otto.
Xue Mei, this girl, is always so well-mannered.
Compared to my-
Alright, alright.
Now that you're here, let's quickly start.
En.
Later, don't have your cauldron explode like last time.
It's fine if you fail,
but don't let it disturb me.
Even if you aren't disturbed,
your chances of failure shouldn't be small, yes?
At that time, don't go crying to the Vice Chairman.
You-!
That's enough.
Little fellow,
you go to your spot as well.
Yes.
The Alchemist exam
begins now!
Examinees, there is no need to be hasty.
Every stone table should have ample ingredients.
Just refine the pill you are best at.
This exam does not require the pill to be of a minimum grade,
it only needs to take shape.
Exam time,
one hour!
Nineteen years old?
He's even younger than those two girls.
Attempting to become a Tier 1 Alchemist at this age,
requires firstly becoming a Dou Zhe before age seventeen.
How could there be someone with such talent?
Little fellow, it is okay to fail,
you still have a lot of time ahead of you.
Exam time is up!
Xue Mei, the pill has taken shape.
You pass the exam.
Within expectations. //last minute change ehe sus ok i can't decide what was it before? choose your favorite
   1.    As expected.
   2.    Within my expectations.
   3.    Within expectation.
   4.    Within expectations.
You must've just been lucky!
Lin Fei, the pill has taken shape.
You pass the exam.
Like I said,
this kind of test is just like child's play!

What are you acting all snobbish for?
Qi Increasing Powder,
high grade!
The last person to pass the exam is
Xiao Yan!
These two girls have been competing for so many years,
yet now this little fellow has really given them a blow to the head.
That's alright, this will let them realize
that there's always someone out there better than you.
Ahem,
could I possibly continue on to take the Tier 2 Alchemist exam?
You fellow,
don't underestimate the Tier 2 Alchemist exam requirements!
Not only do you need to refine a Tier 2 medicinal pill,
but your strength has to have reached the Dou Shi level.
Dou Shi! Have you reached it?
I'm only giving it a try.
Whether I can pass,
doesn't matter that much.
This fellow is a little too reckless, no?
This is your exam,
I picked it for you.
Weren't you full of yourself?
Holy shit, Injury Healing Pill?
This is one of the highest grade Tier 2 pills,
it wouldn't even be a stretch to call it Tier 3!
This bitch, it's not like we have any grudges!
Do these two old fellows even have principles?
Heavenly Flame?!
This kid summoned a Heavenly Flame?
How is it possible?
Doesn't quite look like it.
Given this young fellow's strength,
there's no way he can control such an intense Heavenly Flame.
Indeed, it doesn't look like it.
But why is his flame purple in color?
I'm telling you, the first time I saw him I felt something was odd.
Who knew,
he really was hiding some ability under my very own eyes!
I suddenly would really like to meet his teacher.
Being able to raise such an exceptional student,
he shouldn't be an unknown person.
Even though he can control this purple flame,
pill refinement doesn't only depend on the flame.
One's Spiritual Strength, proper control of heat,
the quantities of medicinal ingredients required,
are all crucial aspects as well.
This fellow was really hiding a lot,
no wonder I misjudged him.
A bumpkin is a bumpkin,
why are you still trying to show off?
Test time is up?
Two- Tier 2 pill?
Moreover, it's of high grade!
He- now this is just too demoralizing!
It is indeed quite demoralizing.
Looks like our Black Rock City's Alchemist Association, 
has just produced this past century's
youngest Tier 2 Alchemist!
Grandmaster,
may I, Xiao Yan, now ask about those things I need-
Of course, of course.
Feel free to say your requests.
I now urgently require a Rank 3 Monster Core and the Ice Spirit Cold Fountain.
This... this Rank 3 Monster Core is not a problem,
Ice Spirit Cold Fountain...
Come, little fellow,
let us chat inside.
Yes, yes, yes, let's chat inside.
Back then, didn't you say
that among Black Rock City's younger generation,
nobody could surpass you?
Now that someone's appeared,
I remember you said
that you would accompany that person...
Sorry,
he doesn't count as someone from Black Rock City.
But with that guy's talent
you and him together wouldn't lower your standing...
Not interested.
If you like him, go ahead.
Okay!
You!
