Ice Emperor Hai Bodong's map
not only precisely marked, in the Tager Desert,
three locations with the highest probability of the Heavenly Flame
but also
had the tribes of Snake People scattered throughout the desert
clearly marked down.
Although this allowed Xiao Yan to avoid many detours,
nevertheless
the desert's harsh environment
greatly exceeded Xiao Yan's expectations.
Remember,
you'd best first visit the eastern and northern spots marked with Heavenly Flame.
That western area
is already near the inner part of the Tager Desert.
Queen Medusa
is able to sense the breath of any human who enters her territory.
If you were to face Queen Medusa,
I don't believe you have much chance of escaping alive.
Teacher,
we've walked for ten plus days now.
Surely we haven't been cheated by that old fellow?
Let's search for two more days,
then switch to the northern area.
Running back and forth on both sides
is gonna take at least another month.
Although the desert environment is extremely harsh,
it turns out
the fire type energy it contains is especially pure and potent,
perfectly suitable for training your purple flame Dou Qi.
No problem,
at any rate, I'm getting used to it these days.
Want to hear a joke?
I don't have any good points
except that I am extremely adaptable.
I'm harder to kill than a cockroach. // alt: My life is tougher than a cockroach's.
Come on!
Burning Blood, I await you!
Lately you're becoming more adept at this pose, huh?
Burning Blood,
combined with this method of training,
can allow you to fully absorb the desert's precipitated pure fire energy.
Its effects are much stronger here compared to in the Magical Beast Mountain Range.
Almost there...
almost there!
Two-star Dou Shi!
What was that?
Brother, please wait!
Our mercenary team
was attacked by the Sand Mercenary Company!
If brother could please go to Rock Desert City to request reinforcements!
Sorry,
I'm in a hurry.
Brother!
Please help us!
If the team can be rescued,
our Desert Metal Mercenary Company will definitely richly reward you!
Desert Metal Mercenary Company?
Rock Desert City's Desert Metal Mercenary Company?
Your company leader's name...?
Xiao Ding, Xiao Li!
Beast,
if you keep resisting,
I'll smash apart your head!
Now help me get rid of those Desert Metal Mercenary Company fellows!
Mo Xing, you dare!
If the two company leaders find out we haven't returned-
Then y'all probably stumbled into Snake People territory
and were killed by Snake People.
After all, we don't know how to use poison,
isn't that right?
Don't know how.
I really don't know,
stop making things difficult for us, Boss!
Everyone, be careful.
Dan Zi already returned for help.
As long as we hold out for a while,
we can be saved!
Rest assured,
I'll spare you.
Kill them,
snatch the Monster Cores they're carrying!
Who
actually dares to treat the snake pet I, Mo Xing worked so hard to capture, like this?!
Y'all are the Desert Metal Mercenary Company?
Yes, that's right.
Bastard.
We are the Sand Mercenary Company's people!
You should know,
offending us is not a wise choice!
This fellow,
so violent.
Brother,
wait-
The leader is actually a Dou-
Dou Shi...
Brother Xiao Yan, Dan Zi will first leave.
Take your time to look around.
Little demon girl,
why'd you get so close to me?
Because of you, my jar fell on the floor!
Sir,
we can talk things out,
no need to get physical.
This porcelain is worth a gold coin, // wait, just one?
can she pay for it?
Take it.
Thank you, mister.
However, mister,
a word of advice,
that girl is a scourge.
It's better for you to stay away from her.
Alright,
disperse, disperse.
Are you okay?
Her name is Qing Lin,
she's the offspring of a human and a Snake Person.
Normally it's difficult for such a child to make it past two years of age,
but she's an exception.
However, humans view all Snake People as a curse.
With her being able to live many more years,
besides receiving dirty looks and ridicule,
there isn't much else.
The two company leaders took pity on her
so they took her in as a maid.
Sorry,
I- I didn't mean to scare you on purpose.
What beautiful scales.
Sorry,
I startled you.
Xue Lan,
you're fine, right?
I heard Dan Zi say,
you guys met an attack by the Sand Mercenary Company?
We're fine.
Are the two company leaders there?
They're here.
Since learning this little brother's name,
the two company leaders have been so excited they almost can't sit still.
The two leaders used to frequently mention you.
Dan Zi, that fellow, already has you publicized.
Looks like you guys
have guessed my relation to the two big brothers.
Second Brother?
Little Yan!
You actually found us!
Not bad, you!
Second Brother, are you trying to pat me death?
Little Yan,
after a few years,
you've really grown up.
Big Brother.
Big Brother is also getting more and more handsome.
Little fellow,
looks like after we left,
you've been through a lot.
This kind of mental fortitude,
perhaps even Second Brother couldn't match it.
Good.
Today, we won't rest until we're drunk.
Cheers!
Qing Lin,
what are you standing around for?
Company Leader,
the braised pork you ordered,
today, it got...
People living on the outskirts of the desert
all have bad blood with Snake People that's hard to erase.
Once they think of the fact that Snake People blood runs through this girl's body
they can't help but reveal feelings of disgust.
As someone with both human and Snake People blood,
Qing Lin bears discrimination and disgust from both sides.
That being said,
she is also a completely innocent girl.
You're quite similar to me back then.
Qing Lin,
don't pay too much attention to what other people think.
You just need to remember,
you don't live for other people;
what you should live for, is yourself.
Well spoken!
Qing Lin,
we'll probably drink until it's pretty late.
You don't need to continue helping us.
Go back early to rest.
En.
Little fellow, not bad!
That strange condition of yours has been resolved?
Perhaps you've even entered the Dou Shi level?
En.
It wasn't until recently that I advanced to Dou Shi while training.
That's amazing,
this kind of training speed,
even your peak when you were young
couldn't compare.
Speaking of childhood,
when I was reduced to trash in the clan,
I really have to thank you two brothers.
At the time,
you still protected my remaining dignity;
you caused all the clan members who mocked me to be beaten black and blue.
Afterwards, I won't forget how you carried scars from the clan's punishment
and cheerfully tried to comfort me.
Second Brother always complained about why I didn't bring you away back then.
But during the time we wandered around Jia Ma Empire,
we nearly died multiple times.
If we had you follow along,
wouldn't it have instead harmed you.
Staying in the clan,
at least Father can take care of you.
That's enough, that's enough.
We finally meet again,
let's not talk about those depressing things from the past.
Good thing nothing happened to Little Yan,
or else when we return in the future,
we'll definitely teach those sons of bitches a lesson!
Alright, let's not mention the past.
You only need to remember,
we are blood brothers.
Back then, Second Brother and I established the Desert Metal Mercenary Company
in hopes of providing a safe haven for the future you.
That's right! Come develop the mercenary company with us.
This place, with us around,
could be considered another home for you.
Also, let's find a time to pay a visit to Father.
At that time, we can return together.
Father must miss you a lot.
Exactly. You'll agree, right?
Little Brother does really want to stay,
and I'm very thankful for two brothers' goodwill.
But... the three year period is almost up.
Three year period.
Nalan clan's Nalan Yanran
really came to the clan and forced Father to break the engagement?
They truly have taken things a bit too far.
These issues, I'll take care of them.
Big Brother and Second Brother should just focus on developing your forces.
Who knows, if I offend something big in the future,
I might need to rely on you for my life.
My purpose in coming to the Tager Desert this time
is to find a Heavenly Flame.
This is a map I obtained.
At these places marked with flame symbols,
there should be a decent chance of finding Heavenly Flame traces.
But I'm not familiar with the terrain around Rock Desert City
Are you really going to fulfill the agreement?
This behemoth that is the Misty Cloud Sect
is not that easy to go up against.
How about you first stay behind;
as for future things,
let Second Brother and I think of ways to address them.
You don't have to work so hard. What do you think?
If so, there's not enough time left.
You still want to go?!
We've already prepared so much for you!
Second Brother, I understand your goodwill...
Triple Lightning Arc Dance!
It's over.
Exploding Steps!
How did his speed suddenly-
Second Company Leader!
Why?
Good. Good!
As expected of Little Yan.
Your strength can let us rest assured.
Everyone in the Desert Metal Mercenary Company, listen up!
From now on, provide Xiao Yan the utmost support!
Provide Xiao Yan the utmost support! Provide Xiao Yan the utmost support!
