Ice Emperor,
ranked among the previous generation of Jia Ma Empire's Ten Strong.
Aloof and prideful,
he once had a showdown with the previous Misty Cloud Sect leader on the peak of Misty Cloud Mountain.
At a convention for the strong held by Jia Ma Empire and Chu Yun Empire,
he fought alone against two Dou Huangs, shocking all present.
But after that convention,
Ice Emperor
would gradually fade from the people's gaze.
Be careful,
this old fellow isn't an ordinary person.
His true strength should be at the Dou Huang class.
However,
he seems to have suffered some kind of suppression of his power;
his current strength is only around that of a Dou Ling.
Yet even so,
him killing you
would be as easy as a turn of a hand.
Why do I have to keep meeting these sorts of strong people?
You have good luck.
Don't panic. Don't panic.
Old sir, don't get me wrong.
I don't actually know you
and didn't mean anything else.
It's just that this map fragment is very important to me;
if you could please be a little accommodating.
Of course,
if there's something you need,
as long as I can take it out,
I definitely won't refuse.
Kid,
didn't think that you do have some foundation.
Old sir,
how about it?
I already said,
I will not sell it to anyone.
Old sir,
I absolutely must obtain this thing today.
Even if you don't agree,
I'm going to take it by force.
This fog actually has a speed reducing effect.
Looks like there'll be some real trouble this time.
Back then I went to great lengths to obtain this thing;
the secret it contains definitely isn't small.
Wanting me to hand it over to you for no reason,
in your dreams!
Congealed Ice Mirror!
This kid really didn't collapse?
I can't keep passively defending.
Overextending yourself.
Dou Qi Wings?!
Doesn't look like it.
Good fellow,
why does this kid have treasures all over his body?
Trying to run?
Didn't expect
that within such a short time, that old fellow would be able
to form a sturdy ice dome in this scorching hot desert.
I really am no match for him.
If it were not for him currently being unable to form Dou Qi Wings,
I'd have long ago been captured, I'm afraid.
Indeed.
After all, there's a full difference of two classes between you both.
The exchange earlier was only meant to test your strength.
If he truly gets serious,
you would...
Combat training ends here.
Whether you are actually the Misty Cloud Sect leader's successor,
or a young master of one of the big families,
or someone from the imperial family,
you cannot leave this place with the map fragment today!
Old sir,
like I already said,
this map fragment
I am determined to take it!
How is it possible?
Kid,
what kind of Secret Technique is this?
No way,
he can't possibly be with one of those forces.
It's been a long time since I've had to go all out to deal with someone.
This is
Spiritual Strength?
Break!
Just what did this kid do?!
I don't believe that today,
I would have no power to fight back against a little kid like you!
Xuan Ice Killing Vortex!
Kid, seeking death!
Since you seek death, then don't blame this old man!
Old sir,
I said from the start that I didn't intend to feud with you.
It's just that this thing
is really quite important to me.
So...
To think that after living in seclusion for twenty plus years,
today, a junior like you,
would embarrass me like this.
Back then, after I went to great lengths to obtain this fragment in the desert
I perfectly split it into two pieces.
You didn't have to speak out.
Telling me this secret,
you can't be so foolish as to just try to provoke me, right?
Young fellow really does have a good mind.
Tell me,
what is it you want
in order to take out the other fragment piece?
Can you release me from the ice?
Of course,
only if you aren't afraid I'll attack back.
I am really curious as to which abnormal old guy groomed you.
If I can restrain you once,
I can do it a second time.
So don't play any tricks.
Or else next time, the thing that freezes
will be your blood.
What a terrifying icy cold flame.
If my guess is correct,
what you used earlier should be a kind of marvelous Heavenly Flame.
You already know,
my original strength
should be that of a Dou Huang.
En.
Then, do you know my identity?
My name is Hai Bodong.
Perhaps you haven't heard of it.
However, I have another name:
Ice Emperor.
It's good that this old man's name hasn't vanished with time;
you've actually heard of it.
It certainly does surprise me.
Who could've known
that a Dou Huang whose name moved the Jia Ma Empire
would actually live in seclusion in the desert as a vendor selling maps.
Back then, I encountered a Snake People race Dou Huang in the desert,
Queen Medusa.
You should know,
Queen Medusa is ranked among the peak of Dou Huang practitioners.
During that fight,
I was unsurprisingly defeated in her hands
and was also struck by her Serpent's Sealing Curse,
sealing my strength at the Dou Ling class.
You can't be thinking of having me help you undo the seal, right?
You really think too highly of me,
I sure don't have that ability.
Originally, I wasn't going to tell you about the other piece of the map fragment.
However,
the thick white flame you displayed at the end
made me change my mind.
As long as you are able to refine the pill I need,
not only will I give that map fragment to you,
I will also owe you a favor.
That pill you need, what tier is it?
Tier 6.
I am but a mere Tier 2 alchemist.
You should be aware,
when it comes to a Dou Huang's favor,
how much it's worth.
Regardless,
a map fragment related to the Purifying Lotus Demon Flame
is something we must obtain.
It will be of vital importance to evolving your Qi Method in the future.
Then what you mean is...
First agree to the deal.
Moreover, a Dou Huang's favor
is indeed worth this price.
You should know
the rules when having an alchemist refine pills for you, yes?
Prepare your own medicinal ingredients.
As for ingredients required by the medicinal formula,
I've already gathered most of them,
but I'm still missing one.
This type of medicinal herb is called Sand Datura.
It can only be found within the territory of Snake People tribes.
But, as you know,
with Queen Medusa's seal inside my body,
if I were to enter the inner parts of the Tager Desert,
I would be discovered by her.
Isn't this scamming me?
Now you even want me to run around for you? I refuse.
I have some information that you might be interested in.
What information?
Heavenly Flame.
Perhaps you've heard some news about Tager Desert concealing a Heavenly Flame.
You know where Tager Desert's Heavenly Flame is located?
I happen to be very interested in making maps.
Once, I traveled around within the Tager Desert
and luckily found some information related to the Heavenly Flame.
I did some probing of the locations and routes mentioned.
I roughly know
which areas are most likely to possess the Heavenly Flame.
Without my guidance,
even if you explored the Tager Desert for a year,
it would still be difficult to find the Heavenly Flame.
How about it?
As long as you agree to help me obtain the Sand Datura,
I'll take the information from many years of investigating the Heavenly Flame
and impart all of it to you.
Deal.

