Heavenly Flame
exists throughout this vast world.
Perhaps it was a flame cluster carried by a fallen meteorite.
Perhaps,
it is fire from magma calcined for thousands of years deep within a volcano.
Or, perhaps, it was born from the void,
absent and formless.
Heavenly Flames, filled with violence,
are capable of forging thousands of things in the world;
no need to mention those fragile bodies of flesh.
How detailed.
This kind of map,
first time I've seen one. //like it
En.
It is indeed detailed to the point of being excessive.
This place marked with a flame,
should be east of Rock Desert City.
The location is southeast.
But there doesn't seem to be anything overly strange there.
Yea,
in that place //switch order if too awkward
during a mission one time, I brought people to search around for a few days.
It's nothing but desert.
Looks like
there isn't Heavenly Flame here.
What's wrong,
Qing Lin?
The location east of Rock Desert City,
it seems
there's indeed something strange there.
You know?
I'm also not sure if what I felt was real.
How did you discover it?
You don't seem to possess this kind of ability.
I-
I'm not sure.
Half a year ago,
an extremely strong aura appeared outside of Rock Desert City.
This aura,
bears some similarity to
the blood vessels in my body.
And compared to that aura,
even Sand Mercenary Company's leader
is much, much weaker.
The Sand Mercenary Company leader is a Da Dou Shi.
Then wouldn't the other party
at least be a Dou Wang level practitioner?
An aura similar to your blood.
Could it be
Queen Medusa?
An extremely formidable person like Queen Medusa
actually took a look around Rock Desert City's vicinity?
Half a year ago,
she suddenly arrived east of Rock Desert City.
That night,
the energy there was terribly fierce.
And I also know
that when she left,
she seemed to be injured.
Do you know the specific location she stayed at?
Although it's been half a year,
the violent energy she left behind
still flares up from time to time.
In fact, when Second Company Leader and Xiao Yan were sparring this morning
that energy just so happened to erupt again.
I...
relying on the sense of that thread of Snake People blood in my body
it should be this place.
If Young Master wants to go
Qing Lin will try her best to guide you there.
Then I should really thank Qing Lin.
That place
happens to border on the Sand Mercenary Company's headquarters.
Sand Mercenary Company.
A squad was sent out,
but only you, Mo Xing, came back?
Boss,
this time was really unexpected.
Who knew that Xiao Ding's group actually found a helper?
On our way back, they set up traps
so we were caught off guard
and suffered heavy losses.
Those bastards!
Even daring to touch my Sand Mercenary Company brothers!
Boss,
Xiao Ding's group are getting more and more arrogant!
They should know,
our Sand Mercenary Company is the veteran power in Rock Desert City!
Those little brats only arrived a few years ago
yet dare to disrespect us like this!
If we allow them to continue,
there'll be endless trouble, I'm afraid.
Boss, don't worry.
I already investigated,
that helper
is Xiao Ding and Xiao Li's brother.
His strength is only at the Dou Shi level.
Boss,
we can't let them off anymore!
Prepare people and horses.
I will personally settle this account.
Boss is wise. Boss is wise!
Brother Xiao Yan,
our people have already figured out the way ahead.
If nothing unexpected happens,
we should arrive in half a day.
Many thanks for everyone's trouble.
What are you saying,
when we were attacked by the Sand Mercenary Company the other day,
brother taking action to save us is something we haven't repaid yet.
After some time,
we will have truly entered the Sand Mercenary Company's territory.
This time,
brother Xiao Yan must be especially careful.
Sand Mercenary Company is the strongest power in Rock Desert City besides the city's lord.
Although our Desert Metal Mercenary Company is not inferior in terms of overall strength,
their company leader, Luo Bu
is a Da Dou Shi.
You should be clear on the gap between a Dou Shi and Da Dou Shi.
So unless there's something big,
we normally wouldn't provoke them.
But Sand Mercenary Company's wild ambitions are getting bigger and bigger.
The weaker mercenary companies
have basically all been swallowed by them,
while the stronger mercenary companies
have also been suppressed by their tactics.
If it weren't for the fact that, during last time's mission,
we accidentally entered Snake People territory,
causing us to suffer heavy casualties,
we wouldn't let those Sand Mercenary Company bastards get their way.
Looking at their tactics, they aren't upright people.
Our brothers have long despised the Sand Mercenary Company's methods.
But this time, helping brother Xiao Yan find Heavenly Flame is a very important matter.
The two company leaders are also very cautious,
trying at first to avoid creating tensions with them.
Um,
Young Master Xiao Yan, it's just up ahead.
Qing Lin,
are you sure it's here?
En.
Young Master,
according to my senses,
the site of the strange occurrence
is indeed here.
This place doesn't have any special structures
or peculiar caves.
However, Qing Lin seems to be very confident.
Since it's not on the surface or in the sky,
then
perhaps it's down here.
Big Brother means
it's underground?
Our company happens to have experts skilled in surveying terrain;
it shouldn't be difficult to find an underground passage.
If that's the case,
then we can only trouble them.
Xue Lan,
bring people to investigate the surroundings.
Alright. I'll arrange people immediately.
They definitely won't stand idly by for this time's operation.
Hopefully, within a day's time,
we can find a passage.
No worries.
Big Brother and Second Brother, just focus on the search.
Regarding that Sand Mercenary Company,
if they really want to meddle,
let me handle it.
You can deal with Sand Mercenary Company's Luo Bu?
Second Brother, rest assured,
if I say so, naturally I have confidence.
You can just direct people to search for the passage.
Heavenly Flame.
It looks like
it won't be much longer
before Sand Mercenary Company sends people over.
Besides one Luo Bu,
the rest are only a bunch of soft eggs.
If they really got on my nerves,
they also shouldn't expect a good time.
Company Leader!
Squad Three seems to have discovered traces of a passageway!
Move aside, move aside!
Quickly move aside!
Move aside, move aside!
Is it here?
Yes, the hole here was originally blocked by yellow sand.
If it wasn't for Qing Lin sensing some residual strange aura here,
I'm afraid it'd really be hard for us to find it!
Um, Young Master,
in the passageway below,
by following some of that person's aura,
I should be able to guide you in the right direction
Little gal really is helpful.
In that case,
let's set off.
Where are you guys setting off to?
Company Leader,
the periphery scouting squads have all been wiped out. //wait, enemy or friendly?
Also, many of Sand Mercenary Company's people are lying in ambush nearby.
What should come will eventually come.
Everyone, Desert Metal Mercenary Company is currently carrying out a mission.
If you could please not interfere.
Company Leader Xiao Ding,
I don't remember the Mercenary Guild ever issuing this kind of mission.
Furthermore, this place is in our Sand Mercenary Company's zone of control.
Us coming over...
there doesn't seem to be anything inappropriate, yes? // anything inappropriate about it, yes?
Mo Xing, if Luo Bu hadn't intervened last time
you might have already become a cripple, I'm afraid.
Honest people don't beat around the bush.
Our Company Leader is also very interested in this place.
Therefore...
Therefore, you can scram.
It's you again, you ill-bred thing!
What kind of thing are you,
daring to talk to my brother in this way?
Xiao Li, you dare kill me?!
Second Company Leader, Second Company Leader!
Desert Metal Mercenary Company,
I was looking for you.
You guys actually delivered yourselves to my doorstep. //here?
Boss, that kid is Xiao Ding and Xiao Li's brother.
That day, it was him who ambushed us!
Coming here today, we don't have other intentions.
I'd just like to request that Company Leader Luo Bu
control the Sand Mercenary Company's members
and have them never interfere with my Big Brother and Second Brother's business again.
Brat, you are way too cocky!
Which stalk of green onion are you?! // pipsqueak/nobody
Boss, look,
they're nearly going to be riding on our heads! // dominating over us
You dog headed advisor,
the ideas you come up with are pretty vicious.
Dou- Dou Wang?
Dou Wang who's not even 20 years old?
As for what I talked about earlier...
Everything will be done as you said.
We will definitely not continue meddling with any of Desert Metal Mercenary Company's business.
Good.
In a bit, you'll help show the way.
Heavenly Flame.
Is it really underground?
I hope I won't be disappointed.
Everyone, be careful!
Something is happening up ahead! //?


